# Features

- Responsive design: the app looks clean and performs well on mobile, tablet, and
desktop viewport sizes.

- Authentication with 3 privilege levels: admin, staff, and normal (aka student).

- Vanilla password-based login.

- Email-based login via signed login url that gets sent to email entered by
user on login page (provided the email they entered is registered with an account).

- Ability to associate multiple emails with a user account for login/account recovery purposes.

- Password reset via email.

- Notifications: generated by various user interactions (instructor announcement, 
comment on user post, reply to user comment, etc.).  While signed in, frontend 
automatically polls the backend for new notifications every few minutes.

- Email notifications, with the ability to configure which types of
notifications to receive emails about.

- Dashboard: This page is the root URL of the application and is where users
are redirected to after successful login. Displays terms and enrolled 
courses for respective terms in descending chronological order.
Clicking on the card corresponding to a given course in 
which the user is enrolled causes a redirect to that course's discussion board. 
    
- Discussion board (crux of the app):
    - Can write new posts and comments containing rich text content.

    - Can mention other users with syntax '@firstName lastName'
        in posts and comments, generating a notification for the mentioned person.

    - Comment/post authors can edit and delete their own comments/posts.

    - Can write posts and comments anonymously. Posts can also be private.
        Private posts are visible only to the poster, instructors, and staff.

    - Posts can be marked as questions or regular posts, and are assigned a 
        category (ie, general, assignments, midterm, etc.) at time of creation. 
        Categories are course-specific and are generated by instructors/staff
        on a to-be-implemented course setup page only accessible to instructors
        and staff. Instructors and other staff have the additional ability 
        to pin and/or mark posts as announcements at the time of creation.
        Announcements and pinned posts are displayed at the top of
        the post listings pane, and announcements generate
        notifications for everyone enrolled in the course in which the 
        announcement was made.

    - Everyone can like, watch, and star posts. Instructors and staff can
        mark posts as endorsed. Starred posts are almost the same as watched posts
        in that they receive a special icon in their listing, except no notifications
        are generated for starred posts.

    - Post authors can mark comments as answers (for question posts) or as 
        resolving (for normal, non-question posts).

    - Everyone can like and reply to comments. The number of likes on a comment is
        displayed under it, and endorsed/answer/resolving badges appear next to 
        comments as appropriate.

    - Comment threads: on initial load, only the first three comments in a given
        thread are loaded, where a thread is defined as the initial direct reply to a post
        (ancestor comment) and all of the replies to the ancestor comment, the replies to those
        replies, etc. (descendants). If there are any more comments in that thread,
        a view more button appears below the third comment and ~50 more thread comments
        are loaded on view more button click. Take a look at the comments at the top of 
        the Thread.js component file (/components/discussion/post/Thread.js) 
        for thread implementation details.

    - Lazy loading of comment threads: if there are a lot of comment threads on a post,
        only the most recent 15 or so threads are loaded from the backend on initial
        post load. As the user scrolls down, more threads are automatically
        loaded from the backend via IntersectionObserver intersection event and
        subsequent paginated REST API call.

    - Post listings pane:
        - Contains a list of posts made in the discussion board of a particular course
            in descending chronological order, with pinned posts and announcements 
            listed at the top. Various icons denoting answered/resolved status, starred status,
            question/normal post, endorsed status, post privacy status, how many likes
            and comments on a post, etc. appear in each listing. 

        - Listings can be filtered by any combination of category, text search, and attribute type
            (all, unread, unanswered, unresolved, endorsed, watching, starred, private
            public, staff, mine).
            
        - Blue dots appear in listings for posts that contain content the user hasn't seen yet.

    - Category pane: contains a list of the different post categories for a given course.
        Clicking on particular category causes posts to be filtered/unfiltered by that category.